Update fleets in Deploy section (#2016)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/deploy/release-strategy/release-policy.md

---
title: Release policy
excerpt: Manage the fleet and device release policy
---

# Release policy

> When managing an fleet, you may require devices to be running different releases. By default, fleets follow a rolling release policy where new releases are deployed to all devices in the fleet once successfully built. However, you can customize this behavior, so the fleet or individual devices remain on a fixed release by pinning them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When managing a fleet, you may require devices to be running different releases. By default, fleets follow a rolling release policy where new releases are deployed to all devices in the fleet once successfully built. However, you can customize this behavior, so the fleet or individual devices remain on a fixed release, by utlizing release pinning.
```

> You may define the fleet and device release policy via the [{{ $names.cloud.lower }} dashboard]({{ $links.dashboardUrl }}) or programmatically through the [API][api] or [SDKs][sdk].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may define the fleet and device release policies via the [{{ $names.cloud.lower }} dashboard]({{ $links.dashboardUrl }}) or programmatically through the [API][api] or [SDKs][sdk].
```

## Pin fleet to a release

In the fleets dashboard, there is a _Release policy_ header. By default, this policy is set to `track latest`, which means that new releases are immediately deployed to all devices in the fleet when built. Expanding this _Release policy_ dropdown menu displays all releases for the fleet, and you can select a specific release to pin the fleet to.  When the fleet is pinned, all devices are updated to run the pinned release, and in the future, releases will not be deployed until the _Release policy_ is updated to a newer release or set to `track latest`.

<img src="/img/common/release-policy/mNCaLF8.gif" width="100%" alt="Pin fleet to release">

## Pin device to a release

As well as pinning a fleet to a specific release, you may pin individual devices to a specific release. By default, all devices track the fleet release. However, you may wish to run a different release on select devices, for example, a development device or when performing a [canary deployment][canary].

To do so, from the Device dashboard, select the device menu and choose _Pin to release_.

<img src="/img/common/release-policy/obsIjdo.png" width="80%" alt="Pin device to release">

> Selecting _Pin to release_ opens a modal window displaying a list of all successful fleet releases from which you can select a specific release to pin the device to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting _Pin to release_ opens a modal window displaying a list of all successful releases from which you can select a specific release to pin the device to.
```
